guys,
I'm welcome back.
Greek mythology,
the Titans.
Now I'm always impressed by people who know a little bit about ancient mythology.
To me,
just speaks of a first class education,
even just knowing who is the god of what is plenty enough to get you started.
So if you don't know your mask from Uranus and choose that,
say you pronounce that,
then this is the section for you as we soar in the faces section.
Once you have one thing firmly anchored in your memory,
you can utilize that tow hook other pieces of related information onto if you need to,
deep in your knowledge.
To that end,
there are a few bonus deep in your knowledge lectures just to add a few extra extra
interest in facts.
If that's not your thing,
feel free to skip them.
Okay,
so in this section,
we will cover.
The Big 12.
Date is of ancient mythology,
starting with the Greeks,
the Titans and the Olympians,
and finishing with the Romans as a point of mythological history.
The Greek golds were around before the Romans,
so when things get confusing,
no,
in the Greek and the Roman gods for war,
we'll know,
and that's because we gonna store them in completely different places in your memory palace
.
You wouldn't confuse your own kitchen with your aunt.
Mabel's garden would shift course now.
So for the Greeks,
you will need to roots one for the Titans on one.
For the rock stars of Greek mythology,
the Olympians you need to separate routes is you wouldn't want the Titans and the Olympians
mixing with each other.
There's enough of that going on as you'll soon see Sophia First Route.
The one for the Titans featured the Titanic somewhere at the beginning.
That way you'll always remember that these are the Titans as these.
The Greeks pick a place that you would instantly associate with Greece if you visit to the
country and conform a familiar route with 12 stops.
Fantastic.
If you know someone who's Greek,
could you use a route around their house?
Or do you have a favorite Greek restaurant?
Whatever you choose is fine,
as long as you have 12 distinct points along your journey.
If you haven't do that now,
when you're ready,
come back and let's get started.
Now remember,
if I'm going too fast,
you can always pause the lecture.
Okay.
Cronus,
King of the Titans and God of Time now incorporate Compass into this image.
Ria,
Queen of the Titans.
A mother of the gods and goddess of female fertility Hyperion,
God of light,
thier goddess of site KIIS,
god of intellect and intelligence.
And again incorporate Compass into this image.
Phoebe,
Goddess of prophecy.
Oh,
she Arness,
Gun of the seas and rivers Testes,
goddess of fresh water and nursing,
creates God of heavenly constellations.
And again,
at a compass into this image.
My appetite s God of craftsmanship.
Immortality on again at a compass to this image.
Nem,
assign the goddess of memory,
Semi's goddess of divine law,
Order and justice.
Okay,
got them.
Let's do a quick review.
Who is the King of the Titans and God of Time?
Cronus on the queen of the Titans,
Mother of the gods and goddess of female fertility.
Ria on what was Hyperion?
The God off the God of light On the gun s of site CIA and KIIS was the god off in selecting
intelligence on the goddess of prophecy was Phoebe.
Oh,
she illness was the god off seas and rivers on the goddess of fresh water and nursing
testes.
God of heavenly constellations creates and I apparatus was the goal of craftsmanship.
Immortality.
Nem assigned was the goddess of memory on the goddess of divine law,
order and justice.
Waas Themis Okay,
How did you do?
If he struggled with any,
perhaps she could still some of Mina Monix.
Here's how I remember them.
Cronus,
being the king is wearing a crown.
You also looks at his watch a lot as he's the god of time.
Rhea.
I think of Rhianna dressed as the queen and she has a huge bumper.
She's pregnant,
both mother and fertility.
Hyperion.
I have a torch light powered by Hyperion Batteries,
FIA.
I have fear from the TV show Arrow looking through a pair of binoculars.
Site KIIS.
I have Einstein intellect with a set of keys.
Phoebe Phoebe from the TV show Friends dressed as a fortune teller prophecy.
Oh,
she Alanis Ocean reminds me of the ocean,
and he's the God of the seas.
Testis.
I have a nurse nursing with huge teeth.
Tether to a tap running water creates.
I have my friend Chris line on top of a Prius,
looking at the stars constellations I appetites.
I have a yapping pet with half moon glasses chiseling a tombstone.
Both craftsmanship on mortality Never sign.
This is where we hit the term demonic from meaning memory technique and Sam Iss.
I imagine people throwing things at scales law,
but they miss premise a gay were help.
Whatever happened to the Titans?
All of the Titan Children had the same parents.
Uranus or Uranus,
The devotee and Gaia Mother Earth.
Now,
the times came to be gods.
As Cronus hatched a plot to depose his father.
He and his three brothers or three of his brother sneakily hidden at the four corners of
the earth doesn't remind you of a compass.
Now,
when Uranus Dan came down to visit Mother Earth ambushed him on Cronus castrated his father
,
thereby seizing power and becoming king himself.
Can you guess who the other three brothers were?
Four corners of the Earth compass.
It was Cronus Key s creates and I appetites all the images with compass.
OK,
but Mother Earth one Cronus that the same thing had happened to him that his Children would
deposing if he wasn't careful.
He thought that he had a way around that.
But we'll come to that in the next lecture.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.